[TASK] Restructure setting TsConfig chapters (#220)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-TSconfig: Documentation/UsingSetting/PhpApi.rst

.. _phpapi:

=======
PHP API
=======

The PHP API to retrieve page and user TSconfig in a backend module is straight
forward:

.. code-block:: php
   :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Classes/Controller/MyBackendController.php

   use TYPO3\CMS\Backend\Utility\BackendUtility;

   public function someBackendAction() {
      // Retrieve user TSconfig of currently logged in user
      $userTsConfig = $GLOBALS['BE_USER']->getTSConfig();

      // Retrieve page TSconfig of the given page id
      $pageTsConfig = BackendUtility::getPagesTSconfig($currentPageId);
   }

Both methods return the entire TSconfig as a php array. The earlier
retrieves the User TSconfig while the latter retrieves the Page TSconfig.

All imports, overrides, modifications etc are already resolved. This includes
Page TSconfig overrides by User TSconfig.

Similar to other TypoScript related API methods, properties that contain
sub properties return their sub properties using the property name with a
trailing dot, while a single property is accessible by the property
name itself. The example below gives more insight on this.

If accessing TSconfig arrays, the PHP null coalescence operator `??` is

> almost always useful: TSconfig options may or not be set, accessing not existing
> array keys in PHP would thus raise PHP notice level warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
almost always useful: TSconfig options may or not be set, accessing non-existent
array keys in PHP would thus raise PHP notice level warnings.
```
not sure about my suggestion here.

> Combining the array access with a fallback using `??` helps accessing these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combining the array access with a fallback using `??` helps when accessing these
```
